Add link to reference implementation (project portal open source project) (#236)
gruetter/innerSourceTest: patterns/2-structured/innersource-portal.md

## Solutions

Create an InnerSource Portal intranet website where InnerSource project owners can easily advertise the availability of their projects. 

> A [reference implementation](http://github.com/sap/project-portal-for-InnerSource) for implementing this pattern is available on GitHub and open for contributions. It Lists all InnerSource projects of a company in an interactive and ease to use way. Projects can self-register using a dedicated GitHub topic and provide additional metadata.

Reviewer: Fixing two typos and one repetition.

```suggestion
A [reference implementation](http://github.com/sap/project-portal-for-InnerSource) for this pattern is available on GitHub and open for contributions. It lists all InnerSource projects of a company in an interactive and easy to use way. Projects can self-register using a dedicated GitHub topic and provide additional metadata.
```

Author: awesome, thx!

## Known Instances

* A large financial services organization has used the creation of an InnerSource Portal to provide a mechanism of advertising and discovering InnerSource projects in existence across different business units

> * SAP promotes InnerSource projects in the InnerSource portal - projects can self-register using GitHub topics. The [Repository Activity Score](repository-activity-score.md) defines the default order of the InnerSource projects in the portal. Also see [Michael Graf & Harish B (SAP) at ISC.S11 - The Unexpected Path of Applying InnerSource Patterns](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6r9QOw9dcQo&list=PLCH-i0B0otNQZQt_QzGR9Il_kE4C6cQRy&index=6). It's codebase is published as a [reference implementation](http://github.com/sap/project-portal-for-InnerSource) and open for contributions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* SAP promotes InnerSource projects in the InnerSource portal - projects can self-register using GitHub topics. The [Repository Activity Score](repository-activity-score.md) defines the default order of the InnerSource projects in the portal. Also see [Michael Graf & Harish B (SAP) at ISC.S11 - The Unexpected Path of Applying InnerSource Patterns](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6r9QOw9dcQo&list=PLCH-i0B0otNQZQt_QzGR9Il_kE4C6cQRy&index=6). It's codebase is published as a [reference implementation](http://github.com/sap/project-portal-for-InnerSource) and is open for contributions.
```
